so after I had already boarded that also wanted the Xbox 60 under
under 6 PP costs
um again makes a little too expensive for the pop-band connection
this was under Windows Vista
around
so first with
give a pass under the page and look
clearly that's the reason to create I already have
if you then declared 2 percent just here
via e-mail
cellphone number request a malicious code
Customers will then call via e-mail
under customer service in the customer area
the back on Install a
of course, now wants me here - Western
Heckendorn under point 2 again our open followed at the end of July
Left on and Baden and the program down
after we heard close again
then us who's here
the funds can with the card
so in the woods
round
Security message burglary reinstall
Round - 6 it was a little faster
though
and Pia when it's done here
in several places
No
as next percent
next step now here on start
network
If this window is synonymous earn up here synonymous Network and Sharing Center
then we also manage network connections here
there are three connections again
once here my
w-lan connect my laptop with me
connected to the internet
my lan connection from the laptop over the I later the Xbox
connect fire
and again the virtual network appeal to Gnome 2
now he went first
up and running at connections
with right-click properties
So here we see internet protocol version 4
highlight and click Properties
let's go now
at both points
Kind of wanting to use the explained and then we do not want to go is one
szo
once
Let's enter ITER Dressel's
under 92 and 68 01
Just enter your first window
1 9 2
1 6 8
Then we went under
it has rows with mask
Just click it and then
Grisham automatically set the Werther
around
We can release the rest and clear it up in the reconstruction
because next step would be now
around
at the Xbox
under truck settings
he gives you once
at the Patty settings
also refer manually
and then gives
Follow said he was one with 92 out of 68
and the 2
Weissach net mask like Dirt 2 5 5 2 5 5 2 5 5 0
and money wants BMW here
one hundred 92 out of 68 0 and the 1
then we still put in by manually referring to
and then give
at primary one would like to move
and Second derer their first duel
0 0 0
after the Fox is totally rebooting but devoted
would have to fit so well he could again
have their country
Almaz Xbox and once to defeat
and 1 next percent cancel
but not everything else we can report here
Heidemarie
openPR whether to lead out to the university again
there again the Ropal me already if the baggage in front
Right click and Colak
and then here
Security message no longer dry of course
and already we're back connected chanson pop
and around
yes that was so easy again
Xbox has requested to connect to the PC
historic Marco and log on to Xbox Live and
Download the blocked content he presents to me
and yes the house around
«I hope again I can enjoy devices and wishes
try out